tbtadm
Yehezkel Bernat <yehezkel.bernat@intel.com>
%%mtime(%m/%d/%Y)

%!encoding: UTF-8


= NAME =
tbtadm - Thunderbolt(tm) management tool


= SYNOPSIS =

**tbtadm**

**tbtadm devices**

**tbtadm peers**

**tbtadm topology**

**tbtadm approve** [--once] <route-string>

**tbtadm approve-all** [--once]

**tbtadm acl**

**tbtadm add** <route-string>

**tbtadm remove** <uuid | route-string>

**tbtadm remove-all**


= DESCRIPTION =
**tbtadm** provides convenient way to interact with **Thunderbolt** kernel
module, approve the connection of Thunderbolt devices, handle the ACL for
auto-connecting devices and more.
Running it with no argument, it prints all the available commands.


= OPTIONS =

: **devices**
Print a list of all the currently connected Thunderbolt devices in the following
format:
```
Route-string    Vendor    Device name    Authorized?    In ACL?
```

: **peers**
Print a list of all the currently connected hosts in the following
format:
```
Route-string    Vendor    Device name
```

: **topology**
Print all the currently connected Thunderbolt devices in a tree, starting with
the controller itself, resembling the device connection topology.

: **approve** [--once] <route-string>
If the selected Thunderbolt device isn't authorized, approve it and (if ``--once``
wasn't specified) add it to ACL.

: **approve-all** [--once]
Approve all currently connected Thunderbolt devices that aren't authorized yet
and (if ``--once`` wasn't specified) add them to ACL.

: **acl**
Print the ACL content in the following format:
```
UUID    Vendor    Device name    Currently connected?
```

: **add** <route-string>
Add a device to ACL. The argument selects the device to be added by its
route-string. Doesn't work in SL2 (secure; key-based) as addition to ACL must be
done together with the device authorization (with ``approve`` or ``approve-all``
without ``--once`` flag).

: **remove** <uuid | route-string>
Remove ACL entry. The argument selects the device to be removed by its UUID or
(if it's currently connected) by route-string.

: **remove-all**
Clear the ACL, removing all the entries.
